I can think of all the times
You told me not to touch the light
I never thought that you would be the one
I couldn't really justify
How you even thought it could be right
Cause everything we cherished is gone
And in the end can you tell me if
It was worth the try, so I can decide
Leaves will soon grow from the bareness of
trees
And all will be alright in time
From waves overgrown come the calmest of seas
Oh you never really love someone until you learn to forgive
Try as hard as I might
To flee the shadows of the night
It haunts me and it makes me feel blue
But how can I try to hide
When every breath and every hour I still end up thinking of you
And in the end, everything we have makes it worth the fight
So I will hold on for as long as
Leaves will soon grow from the bareness of trees
And all will be alright in time
From waves overgrown come the calmest of seas
Oh you never really love someone until you learn to forgive
I never thought that I would see the day that I'd decide if I should leave or stay
But in the end what makes it worth the fight
Is that no matter what happens we try to make it right
Leaves will soon grow from the bareness of trees
And all will be alright in time
From waves overgrown come the calmest of seas
Wounds of the past will eventually heal
I said all will be alright in time
'Cause all of this comes with a love that is real
And all will be alright in time
Oh you never really love someone until
You learn to forgive
Learn to forgive